RHDEVDOCS-4484 config guide for odo 3.0 (#51396)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/developer-cli-odo-advanced-config.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/configuring-the-odo-cli.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="developer-cli-odo-advanced-config_{context}"]

= Advanced configuration

You can use the following options for debugging and testing `odo` behavior.

> .Environment variables controlling odo behavior

Reviewer: There are few envvars(e.g. ODO_DEBUG_TELEMETRY_FILE, DEVFILE_PROXY, perhaps PODMAN_CMD and DOCKER_CMD too) that are specifically related to testing, I wonder if we need to show them in the downstream doc.

[cols="1,4",options="header"]
|===
|Variable |Usage 

|`PODMAN_CMD`

> |The command executed to run the local Podman binary. `podman` by default.

Author: Seeing as it just sets the command, but doesn't actually run it, I have changed this to:

|`PODMAN_CMD`
|Sets the command that is executed to run the local Podman binary. `podman` by default.

|`DOCKER_CMD`

> |The command executed to run the local Docker binary. `docker` by default.

Author: |`DOCKER_CMD`
|Sets the command executed to run the local Docker binary. `docker` by default.

|`ODO_LOG_LEVEL`
|Sets the log level used by `odo` commands.

|`ODO_DISABLE_TELEMETRY`
|Disables telemetry collection.

|`GLOBALODOCONFIG`
|Sets a different location of global preference file `preference.yaml`.

|`ODO_DEBUG_TELEMETRY_FILE`
|Saves telemetry data to a file rather than sending it to the server.

|`DEVFILE_PROXY`

> |The address for the Devfile registry that integration tests use, rather than `https://registry.stage.devfile.io`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The address for the Devfile registry that integration tests use, rather than the one set in list of registries.
```
Or something like that, I can't seem to find proper words.
